[Add-ins][All hosts] Changed developing office add-ins to right title (#2266)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/word/word-add-ins-programming-overview.md

---
title: Word add-ins overview

> description: 'Learn the basics of Word Add-ins'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Learn the basics of Word Add-ins.'
```
